Copyright (C) 1995 Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois

The NCSA AipsView Visualization System
National Center for Supercomputing Applications
University of Illinois
405 North Mathews Ave.
Urbana, IL 61801
aipsview@ncsa.uiuc.edu

This software, both binary and source (hereafter, Software) is
copyrighted by The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois
(UI), and ownership remains with the UI.

The UI grants you (hereafter, Licensee) a license to use the Software
for academic, research, and internal business purposes only, without a
fee.  Licensee may distribute the binary and source code (if released)
to third parties provided that the copyright notice and this statement
appear on all copies, and that no charge is associated with such
copies.

Licensee may make derivative works.  However, if Licensee distributes
any derivative work based on or derived from the Software, then
Licensee will (1) notify NCSA regarding its distribution of the
derived work, and (2) clearly notify users that such derivative work
is a modified version and not the original NCSA software.

Any Licensee wishing to make commercial use of the Software should
contact the UI, c/o NCSA, to negotiate an appropriate license for such
commercial use.  Commercial use includes (1) integration of all or
part of the source code into a product for sale or license by Licensee
to third parties, or (2) distribution of the Software to third parties
that need it to utilize a product sold by the Licensee.

UI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE FOR
ANY PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY.  THE UI SHALL NOT BE LIABEL FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE
USERS OF THIS SOFTWARE.

By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the
copyright law and all other applicable laws of the U.S., including but
not limited to, export control laws, and the terms of this license.
UI shall have the right to terminate this license immediately by
written notice upon Licensee's breach of, or non-compliance with, any
of its terms.  Licensee may be held legally responsible for any
copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by Licensee's
failure to abide by the terms of this license.
